README.md, before:

# Riot
Riot is a free multiplayer team-based first-person shooter based on [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) with fundamental game mechanics similar to that of [Counter-Strike](https://counter-strike.net/) or [Valorant](https://playvalorant.com/).

## How to play
These are the default key bindings for playing Riot.

### Movement

- `W`: Move forward
- `S`: Move backward
- `A`: Move left
- `D`: Move right
- `Shift`: Walk slowly
- `Space`: Jump or climb

### Camera

- `C`: Switch between first-person and third-person camera modes
- `Escape`: Free mouse cursor from the game

## Running
This game requires [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) to run and compile.

In order to acquire the game source, either clone the repository or download an archived release.

When in the Godot dashboard, click the import button and navigate to the newly acquired source for Riot, and click import & edit.

## License
Riot - Multiplayer team-based shooter based on Godot Engine
Copyright © 2021 Garrett Howard

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see [gnu.org/licenses](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/).

Commit message:

Add new generic textures, license assets under CC BY-SA 4.0, and update README.md and LICENSE

README.md, after:

# Riot
Riot is a free multiplayer team-based first-person shooter based on [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) with fundamental game mechanics similar to that of [Counter-Strike](https://counter-strike.net/) or [Valorant](https://playvalorant.com/).

## How to play
These are the default key bindings for playing Riot.

### Movement

- `W`: Move forward
- `S`: Move backward
- `A`: Move left
- `D`: Move right
- `Shift`: Walk slowly
- `Space`: Jump or climb

### Camera

- `C`: Switch between first-person and third-person camera modes
- `Escape`: Free mouse cursor from the game

## Running
This game requires [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) to run and compile.

In order to acquire the game source, either clone the repository or download an archived release.

When in the Godot dashboard, click the import button and navigate to the newly acquired source for Riot, and click import & edit.

## License
Riot - Multiplayer team-based shooter based on Godot Engine
Copyright © 2021 Garrett Howard

All assets are distributed under the terms of the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License version 4.0 (CC BY-SA 4.0)] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode)

All code is distributed under the terms of the [GNU General Public License version 3.0 (GNU GPLv3)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)

See [LICENSE](/riot/tree/LICENSE) for more details.
